Jimmy, I think
I finally found a way
to get our little flower girl
all the way down the aisle.
JIMMY:
Oh, nice.
Huh?
Good job.
Hey, what's with
all the cameras?
BURT:
I knew it! I knew it!
All these years,
we've been on a hidden
camera reality show.
Just like that Jim Carrey movie.
That's the only way to explain
all the crazy things
that happen.
Wait, wait, wait.
If that means Jim Carrey's
just a character
on our show, and none
of his movies are real,
then I am going to be
very upset.
That's nowhere near
what's happening.
My mom says I'll
probably be getting married
three or four times,
so she's not coming to this one.
SABRINA:
But she still
wanted to see it,
so she hired
this film crew.
And get this: her mom
knows a woman from yoga
whose husband
went to college
with the roommate
of a guy who
put the snacks out
on Kevin Bacon's
last movie.
And Kevin Bacon was able
to get this film crew
from my mom's favorite
TV show, Modern Family.
We were planning
on videotaping the wedding
as our gift
to Jimmy and Sabrina.
Now we only have a day
to figure out what to get 'em.
Coffee mugs that say
"Mr. Right" and
"Mrs. Always Right."
Tie that looks
like a fish,
or a fish that
looks like a tie.
Hermit crabs.
Ice-- you always
need ice.
Uh, people sure love
those face pages.
All good options,
but with such short notice,
maybe we should
just give them
a nice framed
picture of us.
Hey, hey!
* Here we go
* Oh, oh, oh,
Daddy-o, oh, oh, oh *
* Oh
* Oh... whoo!
VIRGINIA:
So, we were thinking
maybe our wedding gift to you
would be to pick up
your cake.
We don't need you
to pick up the cake for us.
I mean, you guys
already printed out
those wedding
invitations.
And that was enough.
They got the RSVP
address wrong.
Again, sorry for
the address mix-up.
It is no problem.
And I am sorry for your gifts.
I was not snooping.
Every piece of mail
that I've gotten
in the past 12 years has been
opened by the government.
How many American flags
must I hang in the store
before you people
leave me alone?
Ah, I'm guessing
these plates are from Frank.
Oh, and also,
your Aunt Megan is coming,
and she's requesting
a vegetarian meal.
Okay, Ranjan, I can clearly see
that you've crossed out "steak"
and that you wrote
"vegetarian."
All right, you've got
to stop doing this.
Maybe I'll eat
your beloved eagle.
How would you like that?
Hello. My name
is James Chance.
And this is my
fiancée Sabrina...
Cole... Colombo...
Colony...
Collins!
Yes, I'm sorry. Collins.
She's changing her name
to Chance after tomorrow,
so I never bothered
learning her maiden name.
Anyway, we're here about
our marriage license.
After Jimmy and Sabrina left
to get their wedding cake,
the city clerk called
to tell us there was a problem
with their marriage license.
MAW MAW:
I told you she was a boy.
She's not a boy, Maw Maw.
So, not only
could we make up
for our little
invitation snag-fu,
we finally figured out
our wedding gift for them:
Their marriage
license!
Hermit crabs!
Their marriage
license.
So, what's the problem?
Did we fill something out wrong?
No, your application
was rejected
because, according
to our records,
James here is still
married to a Lucy Carlyle.
Oh, that.
No, she's dead.
She got electrocuted
and hit by a bus.
It was very tragic.
Not really tragic;
she was a serial killer.
Is there a word
that combines
tragic with happiness?
Schadenfreude?
Now you're just
making up words.
Anyway, so we're
all set, right?
We still need a copy
of the death certificate.
You can request one
from the coroner's office,
and they'll mail it to you
in three weeks.
But our wedding's
tomorrow.
I don't know what to tell you.
You could dig up her body
and bring it here.
I'm kidding.
Don't do that.
The cake we ordered
was, like,
five-thirds the size of this.
He's not great
with fractions,
but the point is, is that
this is just way too big.
Your father called
and changed the order.
He left you a message.
(sighs)
"Hey, baby, since I
can't leave rehab
"to attend
your wedding,
"please accept this
cake as my gift.
I know how much you love
dolphins. Love, Daddy."
My sister loves dolphins.
I hate them.
The last thing
I was going to do
was point out
that it was her father
who had messed up this time,
so I smiled
and suggested we just go back
and get my dad's truck
to move the cake.
But Sabrina had another idea.
We almost made it a block.
Now do you
understand
why you're not
supposed to run
into the street
after your ball?
This is not my fault.
This is his fault.
Look, nobody's
pointing any fingers.
(sighs)
I know my daughter's
death certificate
is in here... somewhere.
How's your wife?
Other than that time
you both kidnapped
Hope, I was a fan.
Oh, yeah,
she's still in prison.
I-I got out early
for good behavior,
but Margine is doing
an extra 12 years
for shanking a guard.
Sorry to hear that.
DALE:
Yeah, but on the upside, uh,
now we know that Lucy
didn't get all that violent,
murdery stuff
from my gene pool.
Look, Jimmy's
wedding is tomorrow,
so we really need you to find
that death certificate.
He and Sabrina can't
get married without it.
And they're so in love,
it would break
their hearts.
Probably his
more than hers.
You!
(screaming)
(electrical buzzing)
Well, that's why I couldn't
find her death certificate.
Because...
Lucy isn't dead.
BURT:
Are you telling me
she survived
getting electrocuted
and getting hit by a bus?
Yeah, she's a little fighter.
Gets it from her grandfather.
Nazi sympathizer.
Shot eight times,
still a scratch golfer
well into his 90s.
That is a really
sweet story,
but how the hell
did she get here?
Oh, she was barely alive
when the hospital called,
so I-I snuck her back
here to die in peace.
And then she just
(grunts) pulled through.
She woke up in her
childhood bedroom
and thought she was
eight years old again.
Taking a bus to the skull
scrambles up
the old noggin a bit.
If she thinks
she's eight,
why'd she just
try to kill us?
Well, seeing you guys
must have triggered something
in her brain,
but as you witnessed,
I superglued
a very powerful shock collar
to her neck.
I got it from a patient
of mine who's a masochist.
I had to threaten
not to kick his ass
in order to get it.
This is crazy.
I'm calling the police.
No, no, no, no. No, no.
Look, if she goes
back into the system,
she'll just be out again
in a year or two, and...
something out there
will trigger her.
Everyone is safer
if she's here.
With me.
I know the rest of the world
just sees her
as a serial killer,
but to me,
she's still that little girl
who used to call a suitcase a...
a coo-sace.
Jimmy still says
"pasketti,"
so I totally got where
Dale was coming from.
It's crazy.
I wanted to turn her in.
But then she probably wouldn't
sign the divorce papers,
and the wedding
would be delayed.
So, we made a deal.
I picked up
a few skills in prison:
fighting off rapists
with sharp toenails,
making an excellent
toilet merlot.
Spent a lot of time
in the computer lab
where I got very good
at graphic design.
So I forged
a death certificate, yeah.
Best wedding gift ever.
And it came with
a free bottle of wine.
Now we'll go get
the wedding license,
and they can
wake up tomorrow
and just enjoy
their wedding day.
I went online to see how
you guys should wear these.
And apparently,
it's called a cummerbund,
not a cumberbun.
Makes me wonder if
there are other words
I've been saying wrong.
James and Sabrina are
having their reception
in a gymnasium
because they're on
a tight budget.
So, to help out,
I offered to cater.
And to dust off my old
DJ turntables from the '80s.
*
(tap dancing)
Ladies!
Tap aerobics was supposed
to be over at 11:30.
It's now 11:31.
Any fat you haven't
tapped off by now
can wait until tomorrow.
Programs. Get your programs.
It's the only way to know
how much more
you've got to sit through.
Reverend Bob,
we got Jimmy and Sabrina's
marriage license.
Marvelous.
I've been waiting...
Wha-wha...?
You?
Barbara June Thompson?
I thought you died 50 years ago.
Oh, yeah, I remember him.
(laughs)
Oh, I used to fake
my death all the time.
Mostly to get out of stuff.
(chuckles)
Oh, especially when I was
giving voice lessons
to little, chubby,
talentless brats
who sang like a seal.
The animal,
not the Grammy winner
with the messed-up face.
Anyway, uh,
faking a heart attack
was a lot less traumatic
than telling them
(laughing):
how terrible they were.
Because of you,
I gave up my dream
of becoming
the next Frankie Valli.
You're an evil woman,
Barbara June Thompson.
And I refuse
to marry anyone
who is related to you.
What? No...
No, no, no, ma'am.
Oh, no.
Jimmy and Sabrina cannot
find out about any of this.
I'll stay here with Maw Maw
and work on Reverend Bob.
Burt, go stall 'em.
By the way, Maw Maw,
now I know you faked
that heart attack
when you were trying
to teach me Spanish.
Apology accepted.
What's with the sword?
I take my job as backup
best man very seriously.
The truth is,
my high school wouldn't let me
bring this sword to prom.
Now I finally get
a chance to use it.
Small problem.
Why is he going up there?
Is it starting?
I don't know.
We were too cheap to
pay for a rehearsal.
Just go, go.
Okay.
Reverend Bob's running late,
so just hang tight.
SABRINA:
Hey!
What's happening?
(whispering loudly):
Reverend Bob is running late.
(sighs)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Sit down, sit down.
This isn't it.
This is not it.
Sit down, sit down.
Reverend Bob
is stuck in traffic.
He was, uh, exercising
across town.
With weights or demons?
I didn't ask. Point is,
it's going to be a while.
Oh, man.
Well, what are we
going to do?
We have all these
people here, and I just...
I don't want to be rude.
What part of "sit down"
do you not understand?
Sit!
I think I know how we
can kill some time
till Reverend Bob
shows up.
Reception before the ceremony.
Jimmy's a big fan
of doing things out of order.
Just ask Hope.
*
Mind if I take her
for one last spin?
Dale?
Taquito?
What are you doing here?
This disguise seemed
like a much better idea
when I thought
there'd be other servers here.
What's going on?
(sighs)
Uh, bit of a problem.
Uh, Lucy escaped.
You haven't seen
her, have you?
No. I thought you said
you had her under control.
I did, uh, but her brain
got triggered again.
The Natesville Cake-tastrophe
has taken an ugly,
environmental turn.
We have now confirmed that there
are five icing-covered pigeons
being treated
at local animal hospitals.
And animal experts
are preparing
for an outbreak
of raccoon diabetes.
But in more joyful news,
the happy couple
who caused this mess,
James Chance
and Sabrina Collins,
walked away from the accident
and will walk down the aisle
this afternoon at the
United Church of Natesville.
No!
(grunting)
I'm calling the police.
No, no, no.
No, Burt, don't.
What if this was Hope?
DALE:
I mean, she is
Lucy's daughter.
That makes her
half serial killer.
(chuckling):
That'll never happen.
BURT:
Fine.
But Virginia can never
find out about this.
I remember when Lucy tore
apart her first stray cat.
They grow up so fast.
Wow.
I wasn't paying attention.
Wow, Dan,
that was amazing.
If you know any
single homeless ladies,
I'm on the market.
Literally.
I live on top of the market.
*
Lucy's either hiding
or in disguise.
We're gonna have to
check everyone here.
You're right.
(quietly):
What are you doing?
Oh. She's that good.
Ooh. Stop.
(giggling):
Okay, okay, okay. Okay.
Would you care to dance?
Mm-mm.
Hm-mm.
Would you care to dance?
Fine.
Go ahead.
I just want to watch.
Will you please come out
and talk to us, Reverend Bob?
Please don't go.
I'm sure we can
work this out.
I thought I killed
that woman with my voice.
I didn't speak for five years.
I had to learn sign language.
You don't even want to know
what I just called you.
All this whining
brings back memories
of his awful high notes.
Look, she's crazy, okay?
You don't even
want to know
what she told me
I could never do.
She said I could
never be a-a doctor,
or a lawyer,
or a Laker Girl like
Paula Abdul Jabbar.
Did you ever become
any of those things?
No.
I'm a maid because
I listened to her.
And also 'cause I
got pregnant at 15
and dropped out
of high school.
And I'm a little lazy.
But the point is, you
can't let anyone but you
destroy your dreams.
Well, I've always wanted to...
(off-key):
* Croon again.
VIRGINIA:
Wow.
You have a
wonderful voice.
Really? Do you think so?
Definitely.
You're better than a lot
of professional singers.
Linda McCartney
and, uh, um,
Captain Kirk
come to mind.
Great news.
Reverend Bob
just arrived.
(gasps)
Thank God.
Ugh, now we can finally
get this wedding
back on track and do things
the way we planned.
Well, not exactly.
You won't be walking
down the aisle
to "Here Comes the Bride."
BURT: I knew Virginia
would be mad
if she found out
I was hiding the fact
that Lucy had escaped,
so I decided
not to tell her,
which meant it was up to me
to keep this white wedding
from becoming a red wedding.
Did that sound cool?
It seemed cool.
(classical music playing)
I can't do this.
I ate too many taquitos
at the reception.
There's no way I'm gonna
make it through the ceremony
without having to go
to the bathroom.
You're gonna have to take
my place as best man.
Here.
I ate a lot of taquitos, too.
But a good backup best man
always comes prepared.
(classical music playing)
All right.
I'm so happy
for you, Sabrina,
but unfortunately
my stomach is not.
Are you sure you're okay?
(grunts)
I'm fine. I'll just
watch from back here.
Be closer to
the facilities.
All right.
Let's do this.
(off-key):
* Big girls
* Don't cry
Are you kidding me?
* Big girls
The faster we walk,
the sooner he stops.
* Don't cry
* Big girls
* Don't cry-y-y...
(whispers):
Burt.
Sorry.
Look at that, Dale.
Be seated.
One day,
you're taking them
for pony rides and going
trick-or-treating.
Next thing you know,
she's responsible
for seven homicides
that we know of
and wearing a shock collar
designed for livestock.
Where does the time go?
Hey... if she's still
wearing that collar,
maybe we should
hit the button.
Maybe we'll hear
her scream.
(beeps, electricity cackling)
Huh. Nothing.
Coast is clear.
Yeah.
Love isn't just an emotion.
It's a taste, touch, smell.
"What does love smell like?"
you might ask.
To me, it smells
like the burning propane
from a hot air balloon
as you're floating
through the sky
on a crisp autumn morning
with your best friend Steve.
REVEREND BOB:
What does love
taste like?
Well, to me...
You've got the shock power
set at one?
Oh, yeah, I-I couldn't stand
to set it any higher.
She... she's my little girl.
(chuckles)
She's not my little girl.
(beeps, electricity crackles)
Oh, there you are, sweetie.
(grunting)
Oh!
JIMMY:
Weddings aren't just
about the bride and groom.
They also bring
families together.
(Lucy grunts)
(sobs)
The rings, please.
And while something
unexpected usually happens,
that's what makes them
interesting.
(grunts)
(gasps)
(grunts loudly)
(beeps, electricity cackles))
But in the end,
all that matters
is those two important words.
Help me.
I do.
(grunts)
There's no TV to hit me
over the head with this time.
(grunts)
This is God's TV.
Sorry, baby.
I do.
You may now kiss
your lovely bride.
(sighs)
We had a few
minor issues,
(chuckles)
like the cake disaster,
but for the most part,
everything went off
without a hitch.
And our gift to them was
we let them believe
that nonsense.
They never found out about
the marriage license fiasco
or Reverend Bob
refusing to do the wedding.
Yup, we took care
of everything.
Mm-hmm.
Even put our lives on the
line to save the day.
That might be taking it
a little far.
(chuckles)
DALE:
As you can see,
Lucy's returned
to her childlike state.
She doesn't even
remember the wedding.
Just keep her away from us
from now on, okay?
I mean, no offense,
but we're kind of done
with the whole Lucy coming back
from the dead thing.
It's like every year
we think she's gone,
and then she comes back
in some crazy way.
Messes up our lives again.
It's getting old.
I promise, we'll be out
of your lives, uh, forever.
But you do realize we've been
being filmed the entire time,
so Jimmy and Sabrina are
gonna see their wedding video
and know that, uh,
Lucy's alive.
Oh, man, you're right.
How we gonna fix this?
I don't know.
*
(grunting):
Hear me now? Hear me now?
All right, Mom.
That's it.
(sighs)
Thank you so much
for this incredible gift.
We're gonna cherish it forever.
I'm sure we're gonna watch it
a million times.
And, um, when we do,
I want Jimmy
to hear this last part.
Jimmy, you always make it
seem like you're lucky
to have me as your wife, but...
I'm the lucky one.
I'm lucky to have you and Hope
and your entire family
in my life, and...
sometimes I feel like
I don't say that to you enough,
but it's true.
And when we watch this
with our grandkids one day,
I want them to know
how much you mean to me.
I love you.
Celebrity voices
were impersonated.